and to all the boys of Italy over
power I am atomic and today I bring you
nuclear on the map to be merged on ps3 but
before starting the gameplay of
explain the game a little thank you
paolo ex to give the opportunity a
youtuber who want to be known
with this channel dedicated to the flows
high on juice deco and therefore really a
good start
and it does very well then I initially have
decided to give this gameplay without the
comment but I wanted to say help
paonessa because she finds herself commenting
lots of videos not knowing what to say
mq and therefore I have decided to condemn
comment on it to comment on it then
this as already mentioned to nuclear on
downhill map on ps3
I did it
four days later the map came out for
ps3 so March 4 I think it really is
a work stuff especially because
it is not campera on a much bought side
I ran the spawn because it was a
emotion I managed the spawn really
very good in my opinion and then I didn't even have
companions with whom I could talk and then
and o the scene the beautiful game in my opinion
then the class uses the pdv 57 with
sensible king and adjustable soccer stock
adjustable and a bit like a predator ie
predators come so it is very useful
because while you are shooting you can go to
right and left then enemy it
confusing a little me there
recommend try this class like
secondary I dared nothing or or a
Lethal C4 tactical knife spins from
sensor and then as a series of points or
start counterattack and laughter
in the most useful rewards to use to make
a nuclear as there is then use it
all to do nothing and then al
place of the counterattack can be used
also lamp my bike points on slam
however, I don't know and right at the
counterattack comes from the first then
maybe it's better anyway I used the big one
from sensors I want to talk a little about
great sensor because nobody uses it
I don't know why I use it in this one
game but maybe it doesn't make us much
but in other games though
I have had very often because it is a lot
useful in my opinion because it is a kind of TV
of turbid muse which lasts 2 3 seconds
perhaps even more is that it can be used in
any time so it's really a lot
useful in my opinion because before shooting
a wall you can pull the grain sensor e
see who's there and there and see how
positioned the enemy so you can
kill him very easily
and you find it to something very useful maybe
also in search and destroy here year
very useful even if I don't play
I do not know why not to look for studies
the others are not the only girl
flight view a few times to use and then and then
the sensor after 5 seconds explodes
so can also happy of the enemy e
this is something very different
very useful because you will fold three
shots scenes will take 2 this thing
very useful in my opinion there is one thing
very useful guys and why that's enough
a failed shot you can
die then I will this video and have you
of advice in using it gives it
sensor then do as you wish try it
advice devotion to try it and nothing
the video is finished he made the series from
34 in a row and nothing not only from a friend
pass in my channel if you want if there is
like dvd and video if you coming
video subscribe only after the cuts
beautiful word power